# kubric-trello

## Overview
A web-based Kanban-style list-making application like Trello built as a part of assessment for Kubric.io deployed at https://kubric-trello.herokuapp.com/ as a **Heroku free Dynno.**

## Installation

```
        $ git clone https://github.com/ram95krishh/kubric-trello.git
        $ cd kubric-trello
        $ npm i
```
Make sure .env file is created and all mandatory values are added
### Run in dev mode
```
        $ npm run dev
```
## Building the project
For Prod build
```
        $ npm run build
```
For Dev Build
```
        $ npm run build:dev
```
To run serve the built output from a node server **(build has to be run before this step)**
```
        $ npm start
```

## Tests
- Jest with enzyme has been used to run tests. A small portion of sagas are unit tested, since the entire behavioural/business logic of the web app lie there.
```
        $ npm test
```
- A report containing the tests that ran will be generated by "jest-html-reporter" and can be found in the root folder with the name test-report.html
- A code coverage report can be found at {root}/coverage/lcov-report/index.html

## Features completed
- **Boards**
    - You need not add any of the advanced board functionality like creating new boards, renaming boards, archiving boards etc. For purposes of the assignment, you can assume that there is already a board created named Kubric UI. **[DONE]**
    - **Bonus points**
        - Ability to add new boards **[DONE]**
        - switch between boards, **[DONE]**
        - renaming boards 

- **Lists**
    - You can assume that there are 2 lists already created with the names Backlog and Prioritized **[DONE]**
    - Ability to add new cards and edit existing cards **[DONE]**
    - Ability to add a new list **[DONE]**
    - **Bonus points**
        - Ability to rename lists,
        - move cards between lists,
        - delete list **[DONE]**
    - **Extra:** moving list / reordering between lanes **[DONE]**

- **Cards**
    - Ability to edit cards. Advanced editing options supported by actual Trello need not be supported. You just need to be able to edit the card text in place. **[DONE]**
    - Ability to delete cards **[DONE]**

- **Store**
    - You can assume a Redux store that will store the app state **[DONE]**
    - Your local state should be synced with Firestore **[DONE]**

# Code organization
- You can assume any code organization style that suits you but we prefer if there is a clear demarcation between your state, ui components and the interaction between them **[DONE]** 
    - Folder structuring pattern followed - **DUCKS** with redux for state management & redux-saga middleware.
    - Reference: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/scaling-your-redux-app-with-ducks-6115955638be/
- **Bonus points** - Following the redux methodology of Presentational components, Container components with actions being dispatched to the store to make state edits **[DONE]**
- One of the objectives of this assignment is to understand your ability to work independently on a project from scratch setting up your own build environment, tech stack etc. So we prefer if you to do this assignment without the use of any bootstrapping libraries like Create React App. **[DONE]**